There are just two last things I want to show you around printing up JavaScript variables inside of JS X.

The first thing is just a little bit of clarification.

I'm going to return my app component to being just a plain H one.

And then let's say that we want to print up two JavaScript variables inside the single element right here.

So I might have a name of Samantha.

And an age of 23.

And I want to print up both those variables inside the H one.

There's no issue with that whatsoever.

So I can put in a reference to a name right here.

And then a space and then a reference to H.

And I'll end up getting Samantha 23.

I can also mix in plain text to this thing if I want to.

So, for example, I could say, Hi, my name is.

Then print out the name and my age is.

And then print out the age.

And we'll see that react is going to take all the appropriate variables and stick them into the overall string as appropriate.

Now, last thing I want to point out here around printing variables inside of G6 and getting them to show up on the screen, is that beyond just, well, printing out variables, I think you might start to notice that we're ending up with a very specific pattern going on inside of our component.

And here's what it is.

In many of the different components that we're going to write out, they're always going to have the exact same layout.

We're always going to have our function declaration at the top.

We'll then have a little bit of code to calculate or otherwise generate the values that we want to show in our.

So the top of our component always going to have a lot of stuff to say.

What do we actually want to show inside of here And then we're going to make use of those different variables inside the J.

We always return down at the bottom.

So as you start to look at more and more components, you're going to start to see this pattern over and over again.

I know it might sound like a simple thing, but I just wanted to get this picture in your head of doing computation and a lot of lookups and whatnot at the top, and then figuring out how to print that stuff down at the bottom.
File  : Total characters = 2114